Changes in release 0.14:
* Multi-page indexing
* GUI-dependent debian package spun off
* "Today's Comics" feature
* Many updated comics.
* Most of the netcomics code has been rewriten/reorganized to be object
  oriented.
* HTML Theme support (we need people to submit themes)
  * Themes are selected by name with the -t option.
  * List available themes using the -lt option.
  * See Modify_Webpage_Creation-HOWTO.html for instructions on
    creating a theme.
* More bug fixes than you can shake a finger at.
* New comics:
	Broom Hilda
	Cats with Hands
	Doodles
	Lewis
	Lola
	Loose Parts
	Meehan Streak
	Monkeyhouse
	Sylvia
	Willy 'N Ethel
	9 to 5
	Compu-toon
	Quigmans
	That's Jake
	Slow Wave
	Little Gamers
	RPG World
	Chopping Block
	Oddjobs
	Makeshift Miracle
	Untitled Again
	Mac Hall

Changes in release 0.13.2:
* New option, -P, that allows comics to be stored in their own
  subdirectories. 
* New option, -Q, that suppresses the message for the command to run
  when there are errors during download.
* Several bug fixes.
* New comics:
  annt        Ann Telnaes Editorial
  ais         Arrogance in Simplicity
  cutewendy   Cute Wendy
  danw        Dan Wasserman Editorial
  davidh      David Horsey Editorial
  doemain     A Doemain of Our Own
  dougm       Doug Marlette Editorial
  drews       Drew Sheneman Editorial
  dwanep      Dwane Powell Editorial
  roses       Eat The Roses
  framed      Framed
  freefall    Freefall
  funny       Funny Farm
  helpdesk    Help Desk
  jeffd       Jeff Danziger Editorial
  joeav       Joe Average
  joyoftech   Joy of Tech
  krazyl      Krazy Larry
  kudzu       Kudzu
  forbez      Life on  Forbez
  lwibh       Look What I Brought Home
  lostfound   Lost and Found
  mattd       Matt Davies Editorial
  monty       Monty
  grimm       Mother Goose and Grimm
  newshounds  News Hounds
  stereo      No Sterotypes
  paulc       Paul Conrad Editorial
  ashfield    Prof Ashfield
  schlock     Schlock Mercenary
  spork       Sporkman
  tang        Tangs Comics
  taylorj     Taylor Jones Editorial
  wendy       Wendy
  attwf       And Then There Was Fred
  rad         Lifes so Rad

Changes in release 0.13.1:
* Several bug fixes.
* The option -a ($always_download) when used with -c now only forces
  download of the specified comics.  Failed comics that haven't
  reached the maximum retry limit are also retried.
* New comics in this release:
  bignate     Big Nate
  bigp        The Big Picture
  bz          Bizarro
  bobo        Bobos Progress
  bd          The Boondocks
  bullsnbears Bulls n Bears 
  cwbw        Cartoon Web: BizWit
  cwc         Cartoon Web: Caricatures
  cwet        Cartoon Web: Ecotoon
  kal         Cartoon Web: Kal
  cws         Cartoon Web: Symbolics
  votw        Cartoon Web: Views of the World
  wotw        Cartoon Web: Wit of the World
  cwww        Cartoon Web: WitWomen
  wvotd       Cartoon Web: World View of the day
  cheap       Cheap Thrills Cuisine
  dork        Dork Tower
  exploit     Exploitation Now
  fatjc       Fat Jesus
  fce         Fight Cast Or Evade
  flightdeck  Flight Deck
  grandave    Grand Avenue
  grandclause Grandfather Clause
  jm          James
  lupo        Lupo Alberto
  mrlowe      Mr. Lowe
  pearls      Pearls Before Swine
  pickles     Pickles
  duncan      Raising Duncan
  randolph    Randolph Itch 2:00 AM
  reality     Reality Check
  redrover    Red and Rover
  shirley     Shirley and Son
  soupnutz    Soup to Nutz
  srcwars     Source Wars
* Several comics have been removed either because the artist requested
  it, or the site from which it was being retreaved dropped it.

Major changes in release 0.13:

* Each comics strip's Resource Locator Info (RLI) structure is now
  saved persistently in the spool directory when the comic strip is
  downloaded.  These "rli status files" are reloaded during the next
  invocation of netcomics (unless they're purged) and used to
  determine what comics needs to be retried to be downloaded.  When
  the webpage is recreated, the status files are used to find out
  extra information about the already downloaded comics (author,
  caption, website URLs, etc).  New commandline options: -R -a -q.
* Referers are now handled.  A module may specify its own referer if
  the default (derived from the URL) is not correct.
* The external command specified may now include several macros which
  get replaced.  See the manpage for details.
* New comics in this release: 
  btaf		Bob the Angry Flower
  cotc		Clan of the Cats
  crfh		College Roomies from Hell
  drfun		Dr. Fun
  evjake	Everything Jake
  elf		Elf Life
  gu		Gaming U
  bayside	Life at Bayside
  nukees	Nukees
  sempai	Sempai
  sinf		Sinfest
  wigu		Whenigrowup

Major changes in release 0.12:

* Added the comics: 9 Chickweed Lane, Absurd Notion, Against The
  Grain, Badlands, Bobos Progress, Boonies, Broom-Hilda, Buckets, Cats
  With Hands, Chase Villens, Dilbert Classics, Down To Earth, Dr Katz,
  Eek and Meek, Fair Game, Gibberish, Gil Thorp, Ick, Janes World, The
  Japanese Beetle, K Rat, Lola, Loose Parts, Mary Worth, Meatloaf
  Night, Mickey Mouse, The New Breed, Outtake, PC and Pixel, PS
  Mueller, Penny Arcade, Penny Arcade Bench, Phantom, Player Versus
  Player, Pretzel Logic, Quigmans, Random Shots, Rex Morgan, Ripleys
  Believe It Or Not, Rubes, Small World, Spex and Wally, Staggering
  Heights, Suburban Jungle, Sylvia, Tarzan, Thats Life, Top Of This
  World, Toy Trunk Railroad, WildLife, You Damn Kid, Kudzu, Small
  Grey, and Fat Cats.
* Fixed Y2K bugs.

Major changes in release 0.11:

* Added the comics: After Y2K, Dysentery, Cartoon Web, Bound & Gagged,
  Fred Basset, Herb & Jaamal, Middletons, Pluggers, Motley's Crew,
  Zorro, Liberty Meadows, Teenage Ninja Turtles, Ballard Street, Miss
  Peach, Wee Pals, Raw Material, Agnes, Dr Katz, Outtake, Pcpixel, 9
  Chickweed Lane, Broom-Hilda, Kudzu, Lola, Quigmans, Rubes, Boonies,
  Juilet Jones, Judge Parker, Mark Trail, Henry, Prince Val, New
  Format, Theydoit, Walnut Cove, Tiger, Ripkirby, Hazel, Katzenjammer
  Kids, Mandrake, Pops Place, Popeye, Small Society, Steve Roper,
  Moose Miller, Needhelp, Dick Tracy, Brenda Star, Orphan Annie,
  Gasoline Alley, Soap On A Rope, and World Views
* Added editorial cartoons by: Walt Handelsman,  Bill Day, Chan Lowe,
  Steve Sack, Mike Peters, Dana Summers, Jeff Macnelly, Jack Ohman,
  Don Wright, Dick Locher, Wayne Stayskal
* Changed the default installation location for module files to
  /usr/share/netcomics.
* Added rc file capability.
* Removed Goats for copyright issues.

Major changes in release 0.10:

* Changed from using localtime() throughout the code that downloads
  comics to use gmtime().
* New RLI fields: title, type, author, main, and archives. The field
  called "name" has been depricated. Please read
  Comic_Module-HOWTO.html.
* The created webpages now get extra links included with them: to the
  comic at the website, the comics main page at the website, and the
  website's archives. The body element html template files were
  updated to handle very long headings for each comic.
* The modules have been seperated into their own RPM so that updates
  can be made to them without having to update the the main RPM. The
  name of the RPM is netcomics-data.
* Added the comics: Bliss, The Boondocks, Citizen Dog, The Fusco
  Brothers, Overboard, Tank McNamara, Real Life Adventures, Tradin'
  Paint, Animal Crackers, Bottom Liners, Strange Brew, For Heaven's
  Sake, Heathcliff, & Color Blind.

Major changes in release 0.9:

* The template HTML files now require 8 body_el#.html files where # is
  the number of image files that are handled.  If you have created
  your own HTML template files, be sure to take a look at the ones
  included with this distribution and the document:
  Modify_Webpage_Creation-HOWTO.html
* A new command-line option, -u, has been added.  Using this will
  cause the actual comics to *not* be downloaded.  If you use -W or
  -w, it will make the embedded images link to the comic on its
  website.  If a webpage isn't created, the URLs will be printed on
  standard out.  Note that many comics still require one or more HTTP
  requests to be performed in order to determine the URL of the comic
  strip on its website.
* The command-line option, -s, now does the opposite of what it did
  before.  By default, if a comic doesn't download but the URL was
  determined, the URL will be used for that comic as if -u were
  supplied just for it.  Specifying -s will make it so that those
  comics will not be included in the webpage, as well as files that
  were downloaded that don't actually seem to be images.
